## Project

As you move through the next few chapters, you will be charged with working on a project, as your final deliverable from WDI Fundamentals. Each chapter will introduce you to new tools and ideas, but it will be your job to figure out how to incorporate those ideas and use them to complete the assignment.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Title: Rock, Paper, Scissors App
Description:
  You will be building an application in JavaScript capable of playing the game 'Rock, Paper, Scissors' with a user via a console or terminal. In particular, your app will need to:
    * Accept a move from a player.
    * Get a random move from the computer.
    * Compare the player's move to the computer's move in order to determine a winner.
    * Keep track of how many times the player and the computer have won.
    * Run until either the player or the computer has won five times.

  The first two bullets have largely been taken care of for you via the code we'll provide you. Feel free to read throgh it, but (for now) please don't change it - doing so may cause problems with your project.

To access the existing code for this project, you will need to fork and clone the repository that contains it. To do this, follow the following steps.

1. If you don't have one already create an account for yourself on GitHub.com

2. Go to [this address]() to find the repository containing the existing code. Once there, click the button that says 'Fork' - this will create a copy of the original repository under the control of **your** GitHub account. Find the 'ssh address' listed on this page and copy it.

3. Pick a location on your computer where you'd like this project to live. Navigate to that location using the command line.

4. Once there, run the following command from the terminal : git clone <ssh_address>, where ssh_address is the address you copied from GitHub.com. This will copy the Fork you made on GitHub to your own computer, so that you can work on it.

That's it for now! We'll be coming back to this project at the end of every chapter, but for now, it's time to [move onto the next lesson]().
